The opinions expressed on the ACB media network are those of the content providers and should not be viewed as an endorsement of any product or service, nor does it reflect the views of the American Council of the Blind, its elected officials, or its staff. And good evening, everyone, and welcome to ACB Diabetics in Action, and the event, which we do monthly on the second Wednesday, for the most part, except for those months when the convention jumps in, is living better with diabetes. And we're so glad you're here. Many of you have come in, and we'll talk a little bit more about this event and other things that we do. I'll do that near the end of the conversation. But first, let's welcome Deborah Erickson, who is no stranger to ACB. She does a monthly show on Community. And she's here tonight to kind of talk, again, about cooking. She is the founder of the Blind Kitchen, and she'll be talking about maybe some tips and tricks that will help those of us who are diabetes. as well. It'll help everybody, not just those who are diabetics. And we're glad to have you back with us again. So welcome, Deborah. Well, thank you. I appreciate it. And thank you for having me. For those of you who aren't familiar with my work, one disclaimer I want to put here is I am not an expert on diabetes. That is not what I have to offer you. But I think the overlap that I do have to offer people who have both vision loss and diabetes, are, it come in three categories. One is adapting your kitchen so that you can use it. And then before the show started, I was hearing someone say, I can't use my oven. It's a flat screen. Things are not accessible to me. I may have some ideas on how you can use tactile markers of different kinds or there's other things that you can use to make it accessible. So I am blind myself. I was the only blind student in culinary school. And so I had to learn to solve a lot of problems. And a lot of it had to do with making my work area in school accessible. So in terms of organizing, labeling, identifying different things that may be able to help you. I should be able to help with that. Somebody's, okay. So the second thing that I believe I could help with is portioning. if you have diabetes, fats, carbohydrates, salts, all of those matter. And I'm sure there's a different profile for every person on this call as to what you are allowed to have and not to have. So I have a lot of different strategies for making sure you're getting the accurate portions of the foods that you are consuming. And the third one, and it's probably the most important one, is having you know that you can make delicious food. There are so many substitutions out there and things now, and I'm not going to offer substitutions, but what I will offer you are different techniques to get a substitution that will work. So your meatballs, spaghetti and meatballs might not taste just like your grandmothers because she used cornmeal in her meatballs, and you can't do that anymore. But there are different things that you can still enjoy spaghetti and meatballs in the most close form to that. And you may even outdo her. And that's that's the bottom line. So to help you realize that you can cook safely and confidently and independently and independently just by either having an adaptive tool or a strategy. So I am going to talk a little bit about each of those three categories. And then I'd like to open the floor to questions because I want to talk to the needs of the people that are in this group. What challenges are you facing? And perhaps maybe even I won't have, I won't have an answer. And I'd love if someone else has an answer to raise your hand and share what you know about it that I didn't know. I'm 100% behind that. So we'll start out with making your kitchen accessible. So you want to keep things uncluttered. Clutter is our worst enemy, whether they have diabetes or not. It is just our worst enemy. So I've got a couple of things that that you can do. One is your work area. Where you're working at, I have a very specific layout for that. I have what I call work trays. And what they are, they are just like cafeteria trays or school trays or hospital trays where you get food on it.